(upbeat music)
(explosion booms)
(lighthearted music)
(creature vocalizing)
You're ugly, do you hear me, ugly.
You are so ugly, you are ugly, ugly.
(creature vocalizing)
I must get rid of that.
He makes my whole pet shop ugly.
If this plan fails, I will quit and go back to New Jersey.
Step on it knuckleheads, we'll be late for the movie.
I'd sure hate that, they're showing a cartoon.
I like cartoons.
Gentlemen, gentlemen, you have one first prize.
Hooray, hooray, hooray, you are so lucky.
Prize, how come we get a prize?
Yeah, what'd we do?
We didn't even enter the contest.
You win because you are the last persons
to walk by my shop, therefore, you get first prize.
How about that?
I just love winning contests.
Here you are, oh, you are so lucky.
Just bring the ticket to my store this afternoon.
We won, we won.
Just plain luck, that's what it was. Hold it-
(both crash)
We don't have any idea what kind of prize we won.
Hey, that's right. What did we win?
Hm. Let's go ask the pet shop man.
Hey Mister, we were just wondering.
Yeah, just wondering.
Uh, what is it that we won?
You have won a genuine Dinapoodie.
Goodbye and farewell again.
Gosh, a real dippy ding ding.
That's Dinapoodie, you knucklehead.
Hold it.
(both crash)
We don't have any idea what the heck a Dinapoodie is.
Hey, that's right.
Well back to the pet shop man.
Hey Mister, we were just wondering.
Yeah.
What's a Dinapoodie?
Ahhh.
Isn't she beautiful?
And she's all yours. Congratulations.
(creature vocalizing)
Let's get outta here, ya bubble brains.
Wow, that's some prize.
A prize nightmare.
Curly Joe, for being fatter than an elephant,
you've just won a Dinapoodie.
What? Phenomenal luck.
Here you go, Larry. You win
because you got curly hair.
Oh, no you don't.
I don't accept you's winning tickets.
Oh no, you don't.
Oh yeah?
(ticket blowing)
You guys are a real comedy team.
Hey, look.
A cute little, old granny lady.
That gives me an idea.
Congratulations, grandma.
You're just won first prize.
You now own the world famous Dinapoodie.
Oh, goodie.
I just love winning prizes.
Excuse me, ma'am, do I understand it correctly
that you own a Dinapoodi?
I just won it, sonny.
Well, I represent the City Zoo and we would like
to offer you an exchange for your pet. $25,000.
My donkey you got yourself a deal.
Thank you, ma'am.
You contributed greatly to our zoological collection.
It's a pleasure, sonny.
Ya knuckle nose, boob brain.
She got 25,000 bucks for our pet.
Don't yell at us.
Yeah.
You gave her our ticket.
It's all your fault.
My fault?
(all yelling)
(closing music)